White;255;255;255;White is the lightest color and is achromatic (having no hue). It is the color of fresh snow, chalk and milk, and is the opposite of black. White objects fully reflect and scatter all the visible wavelengths of light.  Things with the same color: Piece of paper, tooth, bone, eye ball, golf ball
Beige;194;162;112;Beige is variously described as a pale sandy fawn color, a grayish tan, a light-grayish yellowish brown, or a pale to grayish yellow. It takes its name from French, where the word originally meant natural wool that has been neither bleached nor dyed, hence also the color of natural wool. Things with the same color: coats, shoes, purses, tights, sponge cake
Grey;117;117;117;Gray is a cool, neutral, and balanced color. The color gray is an emotionless, moody color that is typically associated with meanings of dull, dirty, and dingy, as well as formal, conservative, and sophisticated. The color gray is a timeless and practical color that is often associated with loss or depression. Things with the same color: koala, stones, paving stones,elephant
Dirty White;250;246;242;Colder color than white.  a few tons lower than white but lighter than gray.  the angle of light is very important, thanks to which we can distinguish it from white or gray. Things with the same color:  a lot of clothes, dishes, plastic elements, teeth with excess Fr in the body
Silver;163;163;163;Silver or metallic gray is a color tone resembling gray that is a representation of the color of polished silver. The visual sensation usually associated with the metal silver is its metallic shine. Things with the same color: nail, screw, laptop, 2nd place medal, jewelry, metalic things
Dark Gray;46;46;46;Tt is darker black and even darker than white. This color is approaching a shade of black. It's cold. Things with the same color: precious stones, wall color, plastic elements, monn
Black;0;0;0;Black is the darkest color, the result of the absence or complete absorption of visible light. It is an achromatic color, a color without hue, like white and gray. It is often used symbolically or figuratively to represent darkness, while white represents light.Black and white have often been used to describe opposites such as good and evil, the Dark Ages versus Age of Enlightenment, and night versus day. Things with the same color:  elegant clothes, telephones, headphones, everyday clothes and shoes
Red;255;0;0;Red is the color at the end of the visivke spectum of light, next to orange and opposite violet. It has a dominant wavelenght of approximately 625–740 nanometres. Things with the same color: tomato, blood, strawberry, sesame street Elmo
Maroon;115;0;10;The color burgundy is similar to other shades of dark red such as maroon, cordovan, and oxblood, but differs from each of these in subtle ways. For example, cordovan, with its origin in equine shoe-leather, has a slightly fairer, lighter brown color, whilst oxblood, typically describing leather clothing, has a much richer red and a little more blue. Things with the same color: a lot of elegant dresses, clothes, shoes, sweatshirts with school logos
Sun Yellow;245;232;39;Yellow is the color between orange and green on the spectrum of visible light. It is evoked by light with a dominant wavelength of roughly 570–590 nm. It is a primary color in subtractive color systems, used in painting or color printing. Things with the same color: cheese, chicken, sun, lemon, banana, sunflower petals
Light Yellow;255;247;128;It is lighter to yellow. Imagine if you mix white and yellow. He is softer. Things with the same color:  hair bands, flip flops, t-shirts
Green;50;205;50;Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum. It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495–570 nm. In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan, in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors. Things with the same color: cucumber, grass, stalk, leaf
Dark Green;0;100;0;Darker shade of green. It is cooler than normal green. Approaching black. Dark green is quite popular humility. Things with the same color: leaves, plans, tents, sweatshirts, clothing for the army
Olive;128;128;0;The specific color of green. More cool, darker than usual green but more yellow and brown in shade than black. Things with the same color: olives,
Aqua Blue;15;255;255;Aqua (Latin for "water") is a greenish-blue color, a variation of the color cyan. The web color aqua is identical to the web color cyan, also sometimes called electric cyan, one of the three secondary colors of the RGB color model used on computer and television displays. Things with the same color:  wather,
Sea Blue;32;178;170;It is a darker shade of aqua blue and a darker shade of plain blue. You can imagine it as a darker water color, but it is brighter than dark blue and black. Things with the same color: sea, ocenas
Steel Blue;70;130;180;One of the darker blue colors. It is brighter than dark blue and black. You can imagine him as a mixture of blue and gray than blue and black. Things with the same color:  jeans, clothes, sports bags
Sky Blue;135;206;235;It is a darker shade of aqua blue and a darker shade of plain blue. You can imagine it as a darker water color, but it is brighter than dark blue and black. Things with the same color: sky
Blue;0;191;255;Blue is one of the three primary colours of pigments in painting and traditional colour theory, as well as in the RGB colour model. It lies between violet and green on the spectrum of visible light. The eye perceives blue when observing light with a dominant wavelength between approximately 450 and 495 nanometres. Most blues contain a slight mixture of other colours, azure contains some green, while ultramarine contains some violet. The clear daytime sky and the deep sea appear blue because of an optical effect known as Rayleigh scattering. An optical effect called Tyndall scattering explains blue eyes. Distant objects appear more blue because of another optical effect called aerial perspective.Things with the same color: crystals, bottles with still water
Dark Blue;0;0;139;One of the additive primary colors on the color wheel completes the yellow color. The blue light range has a wavelength from approx. 420 to approx. 490 nm. Blue also has its darker variety. It gets closer to black, it is dark, intense but not as black.
Rotten plum;63;37;69;It is rotten purple, it is very intense and dark, it is closer to black and black.Things with the same color: plum, dresses, sofas
Purple;147;112;219;Length of 380 to 450 nm. Purple can be obtained in several ways: as monochrome - emitting light with a length of 380 to 450 nm. by adding colors - e.g. on the monitor, violet is formed when two phosphor points next to each other glow red and blue.Purple combines the calm stability of blue and the fierce energy of red. The color purple is often associated with royalty, nobility, luxury, power, and ambition. Purple also represents meanings of wealth, extravagance, creativity, wisdom, dignity, grandeur, devotion, peace, pride, mystery, independence, and magic. Things with the same color: flowers called: cosmos, pansy, monkshood
Dark Purple;102;51;153;Fioletowy to kolor, który powstaje z połączenia barwy czerwonej z barwą niebieską. W zależności od proporcji tych dwóch barw, fioletowy kolor może być odbierany zarówno jako kolor ciepły jak i zimny.Things with the same color: suitcases, clothes
Indigo;75;0;130;Another shade of purple is very similar to dark purple. You can imagine it as a little brighter than dark purple but darker than ordinary purple. It is very intense.Things with the same color: flowers called pansy, clothes
Alice Blue;240;255;255;One of the additive primary colors on the color wheel completes the yellow color. The blue light range has a wavelength from approx. 420 to approx. 490 nm. Blue also has its darker variety. It gets closer to white, it is delicate and very bright.Things with the same color:
Slate Blue;106;90;205;It is a darker shade of aqua blue and a darker shade of plain blue. You can imagine it as a darker water color, but it is brighter than dark blue and black. Things with the same color: ocenas
Dark Orange;255;69;0;Orange is the colour between yellow and red on the spectrum of visible light. Human eyes perceive orange when observing light with a dominant wavelength between roughly 585 and 620 nanometres. In painting and traditional colour theory, it is a secondary colour of pigments, created by mixing yellow and red.It is darker, more intense than the usual orange color approaches black.Things with the same color: grapefruit, oragne
Orange;255;140;0;Orange is the colour between yellow and red on the spectrum of visible light. Human eyes perceive orange when observing light with a dominant wavelength between roughly 585 and 620 nanometres. In painting and traditional colour theory, it is a secondary colour of pigments, created by mixing yellow and red. Things with the same color: orange, mandarin, pumpkin
Light Orange;255;153;51;It is bright, delicate and approaches white. Light. The color belongs to the bright color family from the sub-palette. It is created after mixing two basic colors: red and yellow. The name orange comes from the name of the orange fruit. Things with the same color:
Salmon;247;190;136;Is a range of pinkish-orange or light pink colors, named to come from the color of salmon flesh. In Australia, salmon is mainly orange. Internet salmon is displayed on the right. Things with the same color:
Brown;112;56;15;Brown is a composite color. In the CMYK color model used in printing or painting, brown is made by combining red, black, and yellow, or red, yellow, and blue.In the RGB color model used to project colors onto television screens and computer monitors, brown is made by combining red and green, in specific proportions. In painting, brown is generally made by adding black to orange. Things with the same color: tree bark, stalks, dog fur
Dark Chocolate;36;22;0;he color of earth, wood, stone, wholesomeness, reliability, elegance, security, healing, home, grounding, foundations, stability, warmth, and honesty, is a natural, neutral color that is typically associated with the seasons of fall and winter.Things with the same color: Chocolate
Light Pink;255;192;203;Pink, a delicate color that means sweet, nice, playful, cute, romantic, charming, feminine, and tenderness, is associated with bubble gum, flowers, babies, little girls, cotton candy, and sweetness. Things with the same color: frosting
Rose;255;227;227;The color pink represents compassion, nurturing and love. It relates to unconditional love and understanding, and the giving and receiving of nurturing. Things with the same color: petals of flowers for example: pink rose, clothes
Pink;255;105;180;Pink is a pale shade of red that is named after a flower of the same name. It was first used as a color name in the late 17th century. Things with the same color: flowers, clothes, decorative elements
Deep Pink;255;20;147;Pink is a pale shade of red that is named after a flower of the same name.It was first used as a color name in the late 17th century. It is lighter than red but darker than white or pink. Things with the same color: inside of bags and shoes, running clothes, markers
Pale Violet Red;219;112;147;Bland, it has a darker color than normal pink and is lighter than dark pink and red.  you can imagine it as pink or red combined with gray. Things with the same color: lip gloss, lipstick, phone packaging
Gold;220;146;9;The color gold is cousin to the color yellow and the color brown, and is also associated with illumination, love, compassion, courage, passion, magic, and wisdom. Gold is a precious metal that is associated with wealth, grandeur, and prosperity, as well as sparkle, glitz, and glamour. Things with the same color: medal for the 1st place, jewelry, watches
Violet;228;207;255;Violet is the color of light at the short wavelength end of the visible spectrum, between blue and invisible ultraviolet. It is one of the seven colors that Isaac Newton labeled when dividing the spectrum of visible light in 1672. Violet light has a wavelength between approximately 380 and 450 nanometers. Things with the same color: grapes, flowers called: violets, crocuses, pasque-flowers
Navy Blue;3;3;33;Dark, dirty blue.  is lighter than black but darker than blue.  you can imagine it as a combination of blue and gray. It is bland. Things with the same color: logo Nasa, blackberries, currants
Red Wine;125;0;0;One of the most popular shades of red.  A very intense, dark shade of red is characteristic. Things with the same color: red wine
Fox;207;100;0;The fur is typically a rusty red color, and the legs are darker in color, sometimes even black. Foxes have black pointed ears and long canine teeth. On their underside, the fur is white from their nose down to their belly.Things with the same color: fox
Sandy;237;221;161;Shades of brown can be produced by combining red, yellow, and black[1] pigments, or by a combination of orange and black—as can be seen in the color box at right. In the RGB color model used to create all the colors on computer and television screens, brown is made by combining red and green light at different intensities.Things with the same color: sandy, butter cake mass
Lips;186;108;108;It has a darker color than normal pink and is lighter than dark pink and red.  you can imagine it as pink or red combined with gray. Things with the same color: lip gloss, lipstick
