Red;255;0;0;Red is the color at the end of the visivke spectum of light, next to orange and opposite violet. It has a dominant wavelenght of approximately 625–740 nanometres. Things with the same color: tomato, blood, strawberry, sesame street Elmo, muscles, heart, lips. Popular shades: Light Red, Dark Red, Wine Red, Maroon
Green;50;205;50;Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum. It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495–570 nm. In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors. Things with the same color: cucumber, grass, stalk, leaf. Popular shades: Light Green, dark green, Aquamarine, Chartreuse, DarkGreen, Lime. Popular shades: Light Green, Dark Green, Yellow Green, Spring Green, Sea Green, Olive
Blue;0;191;255;Blue is one of the three primary colours of pigments in painting and traditional colour theory, as well as in the RGB colour model. It lies between violet and green on the spectrum of visible light. The eye perceives blue when observing light with a dominant wavelength between approximately 450 and 495 nanometres. Most blues contain a slight mixture of other colours, azure contains some green, while ultramarine contains some violet. The clear daytime sky and the deep sea appear blue because of an optical effect known as Rayleigh scattering.Things with the same color: crystals, bottles with still water, sky, jeans. Popular shades: Light Blue, Dark Blue, Midnight Blue, Pale Turquoise, Powder Blue, Royal Blue, Sky Blue, Steel Blue, Turquoise
White;255;255;255;White is the lightest color and is achromatic (having no hue). It is the color of fresh snow, chalk and milk, and is the opposite of black. White objects fully reflect and scatter all the visible wavelengths of light.  Things with the same color: Piece of paper, tooth, bone, eye ball, golf ball. Popular shades:
Yellow;245;232;39;Yellow is the color between orange and green on the spectrum of visible light. It is evoked by light with a dominant wavelength of roughly 570–590 nm. It is a primary color in subtractive color systems, used in painting or color printing. Things with the same color: cheese, chicken, sun, lemon, banana, sunflower petals. Popular shades: Light Coral, Light Yellow, Dark Yellow, Gold, Deep Pink, Coral,
Pink;255;105;180;Pink is a pale shade of red that is named after a flower of the same name. It was first used as a color name in the late 17th century. Things with the same color: flowers, clothes, decorative elements. Popular shades: Light Pink Light Salmon,
Grey;117;117;117;Gray is a cool, neutral, and balanced color. The color gray is an emotionless, moody color that is typically associated with meanings of dull, dirty, and dingy, as well as formal, conservative, and sophisticated. The color gray is a timeless and practical color that is often associated with loss or depression. Things with the same color: koala, stones, paving stones,elephant. Popular shades: Light Gray, Dark Gray, Light Slate Grey, Silver
Purple;147;112;219;Length of 380 to 450 nm. Purple can be obtained in several ways: as monochrome - emitting light with a length of 380 to 450 nm. by adding colors - e.g. on the monitor, violet is formed when two phosphor points next to each other glow red and blue.Purple combines the calm stability of blue and the fierce energy of red. The color purple is often associated with royalty, nobility, luxury, power, and ambition. Purple also represents meanings of wealth, extravagance, creativity, wisdom, dignity, grandeur, devotion, peace, pride, mystery, independence, and magic. Things with the same color: flowers called: cosmos, pansy, monkshood. Popular shades: Light Purple, Dark Purple, Violet, Indigo
Orange;255;69;0;Orange is the colour between yellow and red on the spectrum of visible light. Human eyes perceive orange when observing light with a dominant wavelength between roughly 585 and 620 nanometres. In painting and traditional colour theory, it is a secondary colour of pigments, created by mixing yellow and red.It is darker, more intense than the usual orange color approaches black.Things with the same color: grapefruit, oragne. Popular shades:Dark Orange, Light Orange, Orange Red, Moccasin, Chocolate, Burly Wood
Beige;194;162;112;Beige is variously described as a pale sandy fawn color, a grayish tan, a light-grayish yellowish brown, or a pale to grayish yellow. It takes its name from French, where the word originally meant natural wool that has been neither bleached nor dyed, hence also the color of natural wool. Things with the same color: coats, shoes, purses, tights, sponge cake
Sun Yellow;245;232;39;Yellow is the color between orange and green on the spectrum of visible light. It is evoked by light with a dominant wavelength of roughly 570–590 nm. It is a primary color in subtractive color systems, used in painting or color printing. Things with the same color: cheese, chicken, sun, lemon, banana, sunflower petals
Light Yellow;255;247;128;It is lighter to yellow. Imagine if you mix white and yellow. He is softer. Things with the same color:  hair bands, flip flops, t-shirts
Olive;128;128;0;The specific color of green. More cool, darker than usual green but more yellow and brown in shade than black. Things with the same color: olives,
Aqua Blue;15;255;255;Aqua (Latin for "water") is a greenish-blue color, a variation of the color cyan. The web color aqua is identical to the web color cyan, also sometimes called electric cyan, one of the three secondary colors of the RGB color model used on computer and television displays. Things with the same color:  wather,
Sea Blue;32;178;170;It is a darker shade of aqua blue and a darker shade of plain blue. You can imagine it as a darker water color, but it is brighter than dark blue and black. Things with the same color: sea, ocenas
Steel Blue;70;130;180;One of the darker blue colors. It is brighter than dark blue and black. You can imagine him as a mixture of blue and gray than blue and black. Things with the same color:  jeans, clothes, sports bags
Sky Blue;135;206;235;It is a darker shade of aqua blue and a darker shade of plain blue. You can imagine it as a darker water color, but it is brighter than dark blue and black. Things with the same color: sky
Dark Blue;0;0;139;One of the additive primary colors on the color wheel completes the yellow color. The blue light range has a wavelength from approx. 420 to approx. 490 nm. Blue also has its darker variety. It gets closer to black, it is dark, intense but not as black.
Indigo;75;0;130;Another shade of purple is very similar to dark purple. You can imagine it as a little brighter than dark purple but darker than ordinary purple. It is very intense.Things with the same color: flowers called pansy, clothes
Alice Blue;240;255;255;One of the additive primary colors on the color wheel completes the yellow color. The blue light range has a wavelength from approx. 420 to approx. 490 nm. Blue also has its darker variety. It gets closer to white, it is delicate and very bright.Things with the same color:
Slate Blue;106;90;205;It is a darker shade of aqua blue and a darker shade of plain blue. You can imagine it as a darker water color, but it is brighter than dark blue and black. Things with the same color: ocenas
Gold;220;146;9;The color gold is cousin to the color yellow and the color brown, and is also associated with illumination, love, compassion, courage, passion, magic, and wisdom. Gold is a precious metal that is associated with wealth, grandeur, and prosperity, as well as sparkle, glitz, and glamour. Things with the same color: medal for the 1st place, jewelry, watches
Navy Blue;3;3;33;Dark, dirty blue.  is lighter than black but darker than blue.  you can imagine it as a combination of blue and gray. It is bland. Things with the same color: logo Nasa, blackberries, currants
Sandy;237;221;161;Shades of brown can be produced by combining red, yellow, and black[1] pigments, or by a combination of orange and black—as can be seen in the color box at right. In the RGB color model used to create all the colors on computer and television screens, brown is made by combining red and green light at different intensities.Things with the same color: sandy, butter cake mass
