Red;255;0;0;Red is the color at the end of the visivke spectum of light, next to orange and opposite violet. It has a dominant wavelenght of approximately 625–740 nanometres. Things with the same color: tomato, blood, strawberry, sesame street Elmo, muscles, heart, lips. Popular shades: Light Red, Dark Red, Wine Red, Maroon
Green;50;205;50;Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum. It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495–570 nm. In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors. Things with the same color: cucumber, grass, stalk, leaf. Popular shades: Light Green, dark green, Aquamarine, Chartreuse, DarkGreen, Lime. Popular shades: Light Green, Dark Green, Yellow Green, Spring Green, Sea Green, Olive
Blue;0;191;255;Blue is one of the three primary colours of pigments in painting and traditional colour theory, as well as in the RGB colour model. It lies between violet and green on the spectrum of visible light. The eye perceives blue when observing light with a dominant wavelength between approximately 450 and 495 nanometres. Most blues contain a slight mixture of other colours, azure contains some green, while ultramarine contains some violet. The clear daytime sky and the deep sea appear blue because of an optical effect known as Rayleigh scattering.Things with the same color: crystals, bottles with still water, sky, jeans. Popular shades: Light Blue, Dark Blue, Midnight Blue, Pale Turquoise, Powder Blue, Royal Blue, Sky Blue, Steel Blue, Turquoise
White;255;255;255;White is the lightest color and is achromatic (having no hue). It is the color of fresh snow, chalk and milk, and is the opposite of black. White objects fully reflect and scatter all the visible wavelengths of light.  Things with the same color: Piece of paper, tooth, bone, eye ball, golf ball. Popular shades:
Yellow;245;232;39;Yellow is the color between orange and green on the spectrum of visible light. It is evoked by light with a dominant wavelength of roughly 570–590 nm. It is a primary color in subtractive color systems, used in painting or color printing. Things with the same color: cheese, chicken, sun, lemon, banana, sunflower petals. Popular shades: Light Coral, Light Yellow, Dark Yellow, Gold, Deep Pink, Coral,
Pink;255;105;180;Pink is a pale shade of red that is named after a flower of the same name. It was first used as a color name in the late 17th century. Things with the same color: flowers, clothes, decorative elements. Popular shades: Light Pink Light Salmon,
Grey;117;117;117;Gray is a cool, neutral, and balanced color. The color gray is an emotionless, moody color that is typically associated with meanings of dull, dirty, and dingy, as well as formal, conservative, and sophisticated. The color gray is a timeless and practical color that is often associated with loss or depression. Things with the same color: koala, stones, paving stones,elephant. Popular shades: Light Gray, Dark Gray, Light Slate Grey, Silver
Purple;147;112;219;Length of 380 to 450 nm. Purple can be obtained in several ways: as monochrome - emitting light with a length of 380 to 450 nm. by adding colors - e.g. on the monitor, violet is formed when two phosphor points next to each other glow red and blue.Purple combines the calm stability of blue and the fierce energy of red. The color purple is often associated with royalty, nobility, luxury, power, and ambition. Purple also represents meanings of wealth, extravagance, creativity, wisdom, dignity, grandeur, devotion, peace, pride, mystery, independence, and magic. Things with the same color: flowers called: cosmos, pansy, monkshood. Popular shades: Light Purple, Dark Purple, Violet, Indigo
Orange;255;69;0;Orange is the colour between yellow and red on the spectrum of visible light. Human eyes perceive orange when observing light with a dominant wavelength between roughly 585 and 620 nanometres. In painting and traditional colour theory, it is a secondary colour of pigments, created by mixing yellow and red.It is darker, more intense than the usual orange color approaches black.Things with the same color: grapefruit, oragne. Popular shades:Dark Orange, Light Orange, Orange Red, Moccasin, Chocolate, Burly Wood
